Add `bakageddy/alduin.nvim` (#1317)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [0xstepit/flow.nvim](https://github.com/0xstepit/flow.nvim) - Carefully designed colors to help focusing during coding plus fluorescent details. Support many plugins and tools.
- [samharju/serene.nvim](https://github.com/samharju/serene.nvim) - A soothing and dark Tree-sitter/LSP-supported theme for relaxing your eyes after using more vibrant colorschemes.
- [killitar/obscure.nvim](https://github.com/killitar/obscure.nvim) - A pastel dark colorscheme inspired by the palette Mellow. Support Tree-sitter, LSP _(including semantic tokens)_ and lots of plugins.

> - [bakageddy/alduin.nvim](https://github.com/bakageddy/alduin.nvim) - A port of [alduin](https://github.com/AlessandroYorba/alduin) theme to lua with treesitter and semantic highlights support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [bakageddy/alduin.nvim](https://github.com/bakageddy/alduin.nvim) - A port of [alduin](https://github.com/AlessandroYorba/alduin) theme to Lua with Tree-sitter and semantic highlights support.
```
